Description of Website- 

The website is named Wholesome Delight Emporium 

The header has the logo and three options organic coffee price, review form, and products available.

If we click on the logo it will navigate us to the home page. 

There is learn more option given on the page if we click on that it will navigate us to the google page where more information about product is given. 

The organic coffee calories option will take us to the page where all the calories of organic coffee are presented in tabular format.

If we click on review then we will go to the review form where we will have to give our name and last name, and a text area is given in which we can write the review.

lastly, if we go to the products then we will be able to see the top six different nutrition options available to check it out.


HTML Tags

1. !DOCTYPE HTML

This tag is used to let the browser know what type of document to expect or the version in which the HTML file is written.

2. HTML
this tag includes all the other tags except the <!DOCTYPE html> tag.

3. HEAD
contains the information related to documents it also can include tags like title, link, and style.

4. TITLE
in this tag, we mention the name of the website which is displayed in the tab of the browser 

5. BODY
The body tag contains all the main content of the website like images, header, links, table, form, etc.

6. HEADER
this mostly contains hyperlinks to navigate to different pages of the website. Any website can have multiple headers. 

7. <a>
helps in linking web pages works as a hyperlink

8. div 
It creates a division in the Html pages.

9. h1,h2
Used to give headings in Html pages h1 has the largest font size and boldness and can be modified through CSS.

10. table
Is used to define a table on an Html page.

11. th
To declare the headings in the table

12. tr
To define rows in the table

13. link
used for hyperlink, also used to link CSS externally 

14. label
a label is used for various elements present in the form

15. input
To input data inside the form 

16. form
Used to create various input for Html form

17. img
used to insert images in an HTML page.



CSS


1. background color was used to give the background to the HTML page

2. background image was used to select the image for the background.

3. background-repeat was used so that image is not repeated again and again in the background.

4. background-attachment was fixed so that the alignment is not disturbed 

5. text-1lign was used to align the text in the webpage for eg right center left.

6. margin was used to adjust the spacing of the content from the top. left right.
 
7. float was used to adjust links in the header

8. font was used to decide the color of the content

9. padding was used to decide the padding from the border of the HTML page so that the content of the HTML page can be adjusted.

10. the display was used to make sure content was in a block that is the header.

11. height and width were used to adjust the size of the image

12. border-radius was used to give the round/ curve shape to the div
